#Literature Survey

##Problem description
Public P2P systems offer users great services like file sharing, anonymous internet usage and cybercurrencies. However. a major problem in current peer-to-peer systems is the mutual distrust between peers. On the internet are a lot of entities who are running under administrative domains and by agents with a questionable trust relationship. For instance, in the anonymous network TOR there is a lot of illegal activity going on like drug trade or illegal pornography views. Therefore users become reluctant to contribute to these P2P networks and often this gives rise to the free-riding problem where nodes only make use of the resources provided and do not contribute themselves. 

The free-riding behaviour of users has a big impact on the service quality of P2P networks. In the case of file sharing systems like bittorrent files can become unavailable to users or the download speed of networks becomes very low. Free-riders use the majority of the bandwidth available from  users that are sharing files to the network. If you add up all the bandwidth avaible of users who are uploading files to the system there isn't enough bandwidth available to serve all the users of the P2P network including the free-riders. What can happen is that contributing users observe the lack of bandwidth for downloading files and conclude the network is unreliable and therefore leave the network. This even more suppresses the available bandwidth of the network which leads to a collapse of the whole network. The same low level of service can be observed in the anonimity network in TOR in which the speed of the network is low. 

In economic theory the collapse of the network due to intense resource usage is described as the tragedy of the commons. Multiple people use the same resources such that at some point the resources are exhausted. For instance, take the example of rabbit hunt. In an area are a certain amount of resources, in this case rabbits. People hunt rabbits at certain hunt rate to obtain food. At the same time rabbits are reproduced at a reproduction rate. In a normal situation the reproduction of rabbits compensates for the hunt of rabbits. But when the hunt rate is much higher than the reproduction rate the resource depletes. All rabbits are hunted such that there are no more rabbits available for reproduction and the reproduction rate becomes lower. Unfortunately, people don't make appointments with each other and don't cooperate with each other to limit the amount of rabbits they hunt. This is called the tragedy of the commons.

The lack of cooperation among users is in economic theory kown as the prisoners dilemma. The prisoners dilemma is a game from game theory in which cooperation between two parties is more valuable than to not cooperate. In the example of the prisoners dilemma a crime is committed. Two people are arrested and they appear to be the perpetrator of the crime. They are put in a cell and are prohibited to communicate with each other. Each prisoner is given the opportunity to: betray the other by testifiying that the other committed the crime, or to cooperate and remain silent. The offer is given that if A and B both betray each other, each of them will go 2 years to prison. If A betrays B but B remains silent, A will be set free and B will serve years in prison. If A and B both remain silent, both of them will only serve 1 year in prison. A comparison can be made to the free-riding problem. It is very appealing to betray the other player (free-ride) as in that case the reward will be great if the other person did not betray. However, when the other player also decides to betray (also free-ride) the punishment is higher (a network collapse). In the case of cooperation both players have to serve a small sentence (contribute to the P2P network).

##Scope
To incentivize or enforce people into sharing resources on P2P networks is a very hard problem. Since 2000 are researches addressing this problem. Each P2P network has its own set of problems, but the overal problem is a lack of trust among P2P users. To scope the research I will read papers around the question of: How to build a trusted and reliable service out of unreliable and possible fraudulent donated resource? To give a good answer to this question I have identified 6 sub-topics: File sharing P2P networks, Anonymous P2P networks, Online markets,  Security, cybercurrency design, Fault Tolerance.

###File Sharing P2P networks
1. Decentralized credit mining in P2P systems.
2. Karma: A secure Economic Framework for Peer-to-Peer resource sharing.
3. Rewarding Good Behavior in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
4. P2P contracts: a framework for resource and service exchange.
5. ARA: A robust audit to prevent Free-Riding in P2P networks.
6. Enforce Fair Sharing of Peer-to-Peer Resources.
7. Experiences Deploying a Large-scale Emergent Network

###Anonymous P2P networks
1. PAR: Payment for Anonymous Routing
2. A TorPath to TorCoin: Proof-of-Bandwidth Altcoins for Compensating Relays
3. Tor incentives research roundup: Goldstar, PAR, BRAIDS, LIRA, TEARS and TorCoin
4. From Onions to Shallots: Rewarding Tor Relays with TEARS
5. Recruiting New Tor Relays with BRAIDS
6. Trading in Trust, Tokens, and Stamps
7. Building Incentives into Tor
8. LIRA: Lightweight Incentivized Routing for Anonymity

###Online markets
1. Traveling the Silk Road: A measurement analysis of a large anonymous online marketplace
2. Beaver: A Decentralized Anonymous Marketplace with Secure Reputation
3. Measuring the Longitudinal Evolution of the online anonymous marketplace ecosystem
4. Tsukji, a decentral marketplace

###Security
1. Free-Riding and Whitewashing in Peer-to-Peer Systems
2. Personalized Hitting Time for Informative Trust Mechanisms Despite Sybils
3. Data Driven Game Theoretic Cyber Threat Mitigation
4. An Empirical Study of Collusion Behavior in the Maze P2P File-Sharing System
5. Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System

###Cybercurrency design
1. Ppay: Micropayments for Peer-to-Peer Systems
2. Tapestry: A Resilient Global-scale Overlay for Service Deployment
3. MultiChain: A cybercurrency for cooperation
4. Cryptographic Currencies from a Tech-Policy Perspective Policy Issues and Technical Directions
5. Issues in Designing a Bitcoin-like Community Currency
6. Blindcoin: Blinded, Accountable Mixes for Bitcoin.
7. Cryptocurrencies Without Proof of Work

###Fault Tolerance
1. 

##First Draft Text
In the early 2000 people started to experiment with file sharing among P2P networks. The first version of Mojo Nation was released in July of 2000. Altough Mojo Nation had many advanced features it was a failure. It was observed that the most common behaviour was to “join the network, stay connected for less than an hour, then leave the network and never return.” Also there were connection  and routability problems and different peers had varying space allocation. This gave the problem that a lot of data on the network was unavailable to users. Wilcox-O'Hearn argues that the underlying problem behind the failure of Mojo Nation is the mutual distrust among peers. In a normal network that is administred by one authority the nodes of the network behave in an orchestrated way according to the design of the network. Once the network is deployed into multiple disjoint administrative zones the peers start to behave in a different way other than they are designed to behave. Wilcox-O'Hearn suggests to do further research to the issue of “motivation to cooperate”: Why does a node choose to offer services to the network as well as to make requests of the network?
The cooperation motivation issue addressed by Wilcox-O'Hearn can be seen as a social problem rather than a computer science problem. Users choose to distrust each other, to not cooperate with each other and to leave the network. When users would choose to cooperate and share data with each other the benefits to individual users are evident. Cooperation simply solves the data unavailability problem which gives direct benefits to users: More files can be downloaded at a faster download speed. Economics and Game theory also elaborated the problem in the “Tragedy of the Commons” theory and the “Prisoners Dilemma”. Uitleg geven van beide theorien.
In 2003 people started to work out ideas to solve the cooperation issue in P2P networks. Tsuen-Wan et al (2003) proposed three designs to enforce sharing among peers:  1) Smart Cards: use smart cards to enforce storage quotas. These smart cards must be issued by a trusted organization and periodically reissued. However, this requires a business model and is therefore unsuitable for usage according to  Tsuen-Wan (2003) 2) Quota Managers: Tha adjecent nodes to a node can be the quota managers that maintain  the amount of storage consumed. The manager set perform a Byzantine agreement protocol. Such a protocol has high latency and managers are vulnerable to bribery attacks. 3) Auditing: Every node maintains a usage file where it defines the amount of file capacity it advertises for upload and the amounts that all the neighbours advertises. A node is only allowed to write new files into the network when its “under quota”: its advertised capacity minus the advertised capacity of all its neighbours is positive. An auditing procedure is defined to test whether peers tell the truth (Tsuen-Wan et al, 2003). The first two proposals of Smart Cards and Quota Managers are not elaborated very well and the author indicates they are not suitable. The auditing proposal does not elaborate on the economic effects of the “under quota” policy. The advertised capacity of one nodes need to be very high in order to compete with neighbours and become above quota. This leads to a race to a maximum amount of advertised capacity which is unrealistic. At some point nodes just haven't enough capacity left to compete with their neighbours. Also , when a node is “under quota” it is allowed to write new files into the network. This seems not the right criterium that needs to be reguleralised. A node should always be allowed to write new files to the network to enforce data ratio of the network. With the “under quota” policy this amount is limited instead of enforced. 

Ghosal, D. et al (2005) do a better attempt at te economic environment of P2P networks. However, this attempt has its own flaws. Ghosal, D. et al (2005) defines that a user should be admitted to the system as long as the benefit she derives from the service exceeds the cost her use imposes on other users. In the model is a P2P contract introduced that is an exchange contract between two peers. The peer contributes some resources R and the system provides in return some service level S. The contracts should be made in such a way that the total welfare of the system and of individual peers increases. A mathematical model is developed in which an optimal solution is found for an exchange of resources (al storage capacity, upload speed) against services (keyword search time and accuracy) such that there is a welfare increase of the system. The mathematical model is very theoretical and Ghosal,D et al (2005) does not give evidence for its validity. For instance the resources R and service level S are not defined. They are assumed to be different accross systems. P2P systems appear to have the same charateristics and therefore a generalised model of R and S should be realistic. Altough Ghosal, D. et al (2005) do not give wrong incentives for peers to prevent free riding, the economic incentives are not elaborated and left open in an abstract mathematical model. 

Moreton, T.  et al (2003) try to generalise between reputation and payment protocols. An exchange of stamps is defined which is a payment for service from one peer to another. A number of stamp value models are described based on the total of amount issued and the total of stamps redeemed to enforce certain characteristics to enforce fair sharing and prevent against certain cyberattacks. In the best case of Bounded Redemption Rate (BRR) flooding the network with stamps causes a node's credit to approach zero. In the paper of Moreton, T.  et al (2003) is nothing said about the economic properties of the stamp trading. The proposed methods also give a limitation to the economy of the stamp trading because the price is set fixed to prevent flooding attacks. Also the method hasn't been tested in the real-world and there is not thought about the practical problems such as fault tolerance, double spending and attack resistance (Moreton, T. et al, 2003). 

The paper of Moreton, T et al (2003) tries to find a specific solution to the problem of flooding attacks. Feldman, M.  et al (2004) also made a mathematical model that only studies the free-riding problem. The mathematical model has not been tested in the real world so nothing can be said about its validity. However, some useful observations can be extracted from the model. For instance, the behaviour of white-washers: users who leave the system and rejoin with new identities to avoid reputational penalties are added to the model. In the paper is not a new incentive scheme proposed. The analysis in the paper could be used to make better incentive schemes in the future. Comments about the simplicity and design choices of the model. 

Ngan, Tsuen-wan et al Enforcing Fair Sharing of Peer-to-Peer Resources
Several possible decentral designs are discussed to enforce fair sharing. In the paper is assumed that a subset of the p2p network is willindg to form a conspiracy to liet about their resource usage. For all the designs a public key infrastruocture is assumed. 1) Smart Cards: use smart cards to enforce storage quotas. These smart cards must be issued by a trusted organization and periodically reissued. 2) Quota Managers: Tha adjecent nodes to a node can be the quota managers that maintain  the amount of storage consumed. The manager set perform a Byzantine agreement protocol. This however has high latency. 3) Auditing: Every node maintains a usage file. To prevent cheating from the usage file an auditing procedure is defined. With random auditing are the probability of detecting cheating higher. A cheater is removed from the network. In an hearniment is shown that there is more overhead with auditing in the network than with quota managers. 

## Paper descriptions
###Wilcox O'Hearn: Experiences Deploying a large-scale emergent network
Mojo Nation was an “emergent file store” in which storage, transfer and naming of files was performed in a decentralized manner.  The most common behaviour in for a user was to join the network then stay connected for an hour and never return. There was a varying space allocation and connection quality among users. Sometimes it was difficult to have proper routing as firewalls of users blocked Mojo Nation. The three main problems in Mojo Nation were: data availability: lots of data was unavailable to users, Bypassing firewalls and NAT and most importantly distrust among nodes. There was lack of motivation to cooperate. There were also attacks in which a user alters his client in the attempt to gain more advantage for himself. There were also legal actions against the network. 

###Yang, B. et al Ppay: Micropayments for Peer-to-Peer Systems
The problem with most existing micropayment schemes is the heavy load on the trusted, centralized broker. Brokers are a performance and scalability bottleneck. The solution Ppay is introduced in this paper and improves performance of micropayments while maintaining security. Unlike traditional transferable cash, coins in Ppay do not grow in size as they are transferred. A user purchases digital coins from a broker B. The user U is now the owner of the coin. U can assign the coin to another user V and V can do  reassigment request to U. When V wants to reassign the coin to user X it has to go through the user of the coin U. Therefore U must always be online in order to reassign coins. To solve the problem of a potential crash of U there is a downtime protocol introduced that allows the holder of the coin to have the coin reassigned by the broker. In this case broker B will charge both U and V a percentage of the reassigned amount for this service. This charging gives incentives for nodes to remain online. The reassigning of the coin is computationally expensive. Ppay does not prevent coin fraud at the outset, but instead makes fraud unprofitable. Ppay ensures that any fraud can be detected and traced back to the misbehaving peer by means of an “audit trail” of the coin. The system can be attacked by replicating an assigned coin and spending it twice, wrongful denial and double spending. The broker will create the right punishments and will do risk management for the system. There 4 four issues and extensions described to solve certain problems. 1) Printing raw coins is expensive for the broker. This responsibility can be divided to users with limit certifications. 2) Layered coins: The coin transfer history is saved in layers at each coin. The reassignment adds a new layer to the coin. 3) Coin renewal: The audit trail is purged once in a while to limit the amount of state each peer should maintain. 4) Soft Credit Windows: Quick payments that go back and forth can be washed out. Payword hash chains are also a fast method. A quantitative analysis is performed that compares Ppay to RM. Ppay can significantly outperform existing schemes in terms of broker load, while maintaining a reasonable peer load. 

###Ghosal, D. et al. P2P contracts: a framework for resource and service exchange.
70% of Gnutella participants are free riders. With a lot of free riders the system does no longer provide utility to any of it's participants. The welfare of the system decreases to zero with a lot of free riders. A P2P contract is formulated where a peer contributes an amount of resources R to the system in exchange for some level of service S. There are other schemes to tackle the peer incentive problem. The first relies on altruism, this has worked for various systems such as Napster, Gnutella en Free net. However, they operate suboptimally from the standpoint of maximizing the welfare of its participants. The second approach uses micropayments to provide economic incentives for resource contributions. In systems where the currency can be redeemed for goods outside of the system the problem of free riders does not exist because free riders have incentives to contribute.

###Moreton, T., Trading in Trust, Tokens, and Stamp
A major problem in the current P2P systems is the mutual distrust between peers. This results in free riding. In the paper a new protocol is introduced: stamp trading. This new protocol captures the essence of both reputation and payment protocols. In payment protocols nodes receive payments from interactions they have completed sucessfuly. Others circulate recommendations about the node to establish its trust value. In stamp trading are stamps traded based on their value. It is assumed the trading is controlled by a centralized exchange rate mechanism which can observe all interactions between nodes, and hence provide perfect valuations. The stamps that a node has in circulation represents the amount of service it has ‘committed to’. The credit of a node is the total value of stamps a node has on hand. A scheme is token-compatible if the total credit in the network is bounded. We say that a scheme is trust-compatible if failure by a node to successfully redeem a stamp never increases its credit. Multiple ways of calculating the stamp value are presented. In Participation Value (PV), Redemption Rate (RR) and Free Haven (FH) the system can be flooded with requests by nodes with higher bandwidth that give that node high trust. In Fixed Circulation (with rational exchange) the nodes with higher bandwidth are also favoured. However, in Bounded Redemption Rate (RR) the value of stamp is chosen in a way that flooding the network with stamps causes a node’s credit to approach a value of zero. In BRR is the economy also bounded which resists pseudospoofing (creating a pseudonymes that has high reputation/trust). Stamp trading has still the following open problems: double spending, cryptographically signing stamps, maintaining their audit trails, the token exchange problem , limited knowledge on stamp-trading economies, limited knowledge on attacks. These problems needs to be solved in order for stamp trading to be sucessful. 

###Vivek Vishnumurtyh, KARMA: A secure economic framework for peer-to-peer resource sharing. 
The paper outlines the design of a peer-to-peer system that incentivizes participating nodes to contribute resources to a global pool and illustrates how this economic framework can be used in a filesharing system. A single value called karma represents the amount of resources a peer has contributed and consumed and represents the user’s standing within the global system. bank-sets keep track of the karma belonging to the users. The karma goes up whenever he contributes resources and goes down with consumption. The  Karma system is completely decentralized. For each node there is a bank set: a set of k peers that indepedently maintain the karma balance of that node signed with A’s private key. The mapping of nodes towards a bank set is done with a distributed hash table (DHT). Systems employing KARMA will need to provide their own mechanisms for peering participants to exchange resources, and to agree on a reasonable amount of karma for the requested resource. To prevent inflation or deflation a correction factor is applied after each epoch. An epoch is a time period of several months. At the initialization of a node upon entering the network a cryptographic puzzle is applied to prevent a node can adjust its karma balance at will. When a node goes down, a new node becomes part of the bank set. The KARMA protocol consists of seven steps in which a transaction is made between node A and B. All the bank nodes of A and B are also involved. There is no strong incentive for nodes to follow the KARMA protocol. KARMA can compensate bank nodes for participating in transactions with KARMA. If the file transfer fails, the bank node is informed and the karma is transfered back. KARMA provides security for mechanisms for replay attacks, malicious providers, malicious consumers, attacks against DHT routing, corrupt bank set and denial of service attacks. However KARMA is not protected against Sybil attacks in which a node manufactures any number of identities. The attack rate is limited with an entry algorithm. 

###Brandon, K. L. Personalized Hitting Time for Informative Trust mechanisms despite sybils
Trust becomes more important with Uber and Airbnb. Trust mechanisms are based on graphs. PageRank is a mechanism to determine the trust of web pages. PageRank is known to be easily manipulated with sybil attacks. Another method exists called Global Hitting Time mechanism (GHT). GHT however is also vulnerable to sybils with the “restart-capture” attack. In the paper is personalized hitting time introduced (PHT) that solves the sybil problem. A graph is described that resembles how the agents (nodes) think about the trustworthiness of other agents. The directed edge weights are either 0 or 1 and denote whether the first agent trusts the second agent for every pair of agents. The personalized hitting time score from agent vj as viewed from an agent vi is the probability that an a-terminating random walk that starts from vi visits vj before it restarts. Strategic agents are introduced which try to manipulate the scores to increase its own trust score and decrease the trust score of others. It can do this via misreports and sybil attacks. Because PHT starts from a specific agent vi, a sybil attack has no effects on the trust scores. For each method is the optimal attack proven for strategic agents. This is later used to test against attacks. The random walk can never be initiated from a sybil. It is proven that a Monte Carlo simulation of calculating the trust scores can be computed faster than an exact computation of PHT. It is also proven that the strategic properties of the monte carlo calculated PHT mechanism are the same as with the PHT mechanism. At last an empirical analysis is done which compares PageRank, Personalized PageRank, Global Hitting Time, Personalized Hitting Time and Average score on its resistance to sybil attacks. It shows that PHT is 100% resistant to sybil attacks. Also it effect on informativeness (whether an agent can effectivily choose a trusted agent) is compared for the different methods when more strategic agents are introduced. It shows that both Personalized PageRank and Personalized Hitting give high informativeness.

###Ham, M. , Agha, G. ARA: A robust audit to prevent free-riding in P2P networks.
The free riding problem is tried to be solved in a similar way as with micropayments with servers. The payment (credit) is made volatile and the approach does not rely on servers. It is assumed that a stricter system does not degrade its popularity because a system with free riders will eventually starve. Four types of cheating are targeted: Exaggerated credit by an individual peer, Conspiracy: a peer may evade detection using collaborators, Blame Transfer:  a cheater might blame an innocent peer to hide malicious peer misbehavior, Omitting Interested Peers: Omitting peers from malicious lists send to other peers. A credit system is introduced where credit is the uploaded bytes (contribution) minus the downloaded bytes (consumption). Two values LL and LLe are introduced as limits to the system as to when a peer should serve another peer. These limits solve the start-up deadlock and the starvation. 

###Payment for anonymous routing
To address problems such as the double spending problem, a hybrid payment scheme is proposed by combining features from the micropayment system and the e-cash scheme. The proposed scheme does not attempt to achieve absolute financial security but the authors are willing to accept small amounts of cheating. Tor is used as an anonymizing network as being the most widely used anonymizing network. A central clearenc entity, a bank is introduced where monetary units are deposited/withdrawn. It is assumed the bank is honest but curious, meaning that the bank itself will not cheat but also checks on the honesty of users. The sender will select a random sequence of Tor relays called a circuit. The circuit is created through multiple diffie hellman key exchanges. The last node opens a TCP connection to the remote site's IP address. Upon payment for a circuit each forwarding node Ti creates payment coins for its path successor Ti-1 using the senders directions. When a payment is succesful a receipt is send back to a predeccesor node. A coin only becomes valid after its accompanied by the corresponding receipt. There are two types of coins in the proposal: S-coins and A-coins. S-coins are coins signed by relay nodes and are used to pay successor nodes in a circuit. A-coins are signed by th e bank and bought by users to use the anonymization network.  S-coins can also be used to pay for using the anonymous network. This gives economic incentives for tor relays to forward trafic. A detailed communication protocol is described in which the tor relays pay each other and the user pays the bank for using the tor network. A security analyis is given in which the bank is seen as a global adversary since it observes the deposit of coins at all nodes. The bank cannot observe sender and receiver since the sender pays tor relays directly and the receiver is not payed. In order to hides the number of packets it has forwarded a node has to deposit some of its own A-coins. However, the author does not elaborate on the fact that in that case the node has to have a-coins and must be willing to spend them. Furthermore the bank is required to maintain logs of the A-coins and S-coins to detect malicious behaviour. This makes the bank vulnerable to attacks. Altough sender and receiver are protected, when an adversary controls a bank it can see which users contribute to the tor network.  When there are more malicious nodes in the network that cooperate with each other, the tor network is also more exposed.  End node problem.a

###A TorPath to TorCoin:
The paper outlines a new solution to the problem of a low number of tor relay volunteers. The paper  makes use of two systems: TorCoin and Torpath. The system needs to give incentives to users to volunteer on the tor network, while still maintaing anonymity. The TorPath protocol assigns Tor circuits to clients, replacing the usual Tor directory servers with assignment servers which form decentralized consensus groups. In TorPath no client can generate its own circuit and no client can know the circuit of another client. The TorPath protocol has three stages: 1) Group Initialization: Assignment servers lets clients connect to them and the assignment servers form consensus groups of the clients. Each relay chooses which position(s) in the network to server (Entry, Middle, Exit). For every position the client is asked to generate multiple public keys to potentially participate in multiple circuits on this position. The possibility for clients to choose their own position gives rise to the End node problem. Clients are in general not willing to contribute in the Exit position as this position exposes them to a lot of questionable traffic. 2) Verifiable Shuffle: The keys are shuffeled among different circuits to prevent the possibility to link keys to relays or clients. 3) Path Lookup: The client obtain the IP address of the entry relay and each relay obtains the IP address of its neighbouring relay in the circuit. The IP addresses are encrypted with the private key of each relay. Also, each circuit in the concensus group obtains a unique circuit identifier. The TorPath protocol ensures anonimity and circuit diversity. With TorCoin a protocol is proposed in which every relay in the tor circuits may mine a limit number of TorCoins as a reward for their contribution to the network. The mining of torcoins is initiated by the client: every m messages the client starts the protocol to mine new torcoins. The clients has to be checked whether they indeed only mine new coins after m messages. The authors say this is monitored by the assignment servers but no clear explenation is given of how this happens. If clients collude with each other this can give a security threat. When half of the tor relays are owned by an adversary 1/16 of assigned circuits will be fully colluding. 


###From onions to shallots: Rewarding Tor Relays with TEARS
Bandwith contributions are rewarded with Shallots. Users can exchange Shallots for PriorityPasses to gain traffic priority. Shallots can be traded with other users.open problems are with making incentives to participate, market economics policies, community effects and with deployment. In the future the problem of how to determine if a relay was honest or not is a challenging problem to solve.

###Building Incentives into Tor
A solution is presented in which a “gold star” is given to relays that provide good services for others. A gold star relay’s traffic is given higher priority by other relays. The bandwith is audited by the existing directory authorities to give users gold stars. After experimentation it is shown that nodes who are “cooperative” and thus share bandwidth and forward all goldstar traffic according to the rules have a faster download time and lower ping time.

###Decentralised credit mining in P2P systems
A decentralised credit mining system design is proposed, implemented and evaluated for tribler. The user can earn credit by uploading content to other users and can then spend that credit to obtain a faster download speed. The design is based on an analysis of the supply of swarms, swarm selection and the behaviour within a swarm. There is also an Archive mode in which the sharing of old files is incentivised. The different design parameters are analysed with experiments. 

###LIRA: Lightweight Incentivized Routing for Anonymity
LIRA is a system where cryptographic lottery is created where users who win the lottery get a faster download speed. Relays who contribute resources collect coins which can be spend to increase lottery chances and thus download speed. With the lottery mechanism anonymity is maintained because an adversary is unable to distinguish purchased winners from guessed winners. Experiments were run to show the LIRA download speed benefits.


###Recruiting New Tor Relays with BRAIDS
Braids introduces a ticket system which users can obtain from a bank and can be embedded into Tor cells to request services. The tickets are distributed by agent nodes that monitor other nodes. The agent nodes distribute tickets from the bank in proportion to the provided bandwidth. Each relay verifies it’s tickets to prevent double spending. A discrete event based simulator is used to show that their is an increased performance in traffic. 
